The purpose of BICS is to provide people a free, family-orientated, friendly bughouse server where people can chat and talk about chess topics. Unfortunately, as the number of members increase, so does the abuse, which interferes with the normal functioning of this nice server and the friendly environment in which players and their friends and family interact. To deal with this problem, we have set up basic rules and regulations we would like players like you to follow. But be aware that breaking these rules may open you to server sanctions and in severe cases, bannings from the server itself. Examples of what abuse are, but not limited to:

1. Harassment of users including harassment related to race, religion, gender, sexual orientation,        etc and discussion which promotes such intolerances.
 
2. Harassing, threats to or abusing a staff member (administrator, SR, TM or someone who has been asked to act on their behalf) in the course of their duties.

3. Obscene communications - all public communications should be appropriate if viewed by our youngest members 

4. Profanity

5. The buying, selling, promotion, or organization of illgal activities. Illegal is defined under the terms of the law of Russia.

6. Making public accusations against other players in shouts, cshouts, it-shouts, channel tells, or finger and formula notes.

7. Using a guest to bypass and get around censors or noplays imposed on you by another player.

8. Shouting, finger or formula noting private tells sent to you by another player without that player's permission.

9. Using an account in a way other than it is intended for (e.g. playing games with a blindfold account but having sight of the board via guest observation, physical board, notes or by other means).

10. Imitating server messages or attempting to pass yourself off as a staff member.

11. Distributing, buying, selling, handling, or attempting to gain the personal information of another person (including real name, email address, password etc) without permission, or any server related file or screen information which is not available to all registered users by legal server means, or any server document or correspondence not intended for general viewing. And getting this information by deceit.

12. Giving (whether requested or not) or using assistance (whether other players, books, articles, notes, databases or unauthorized computers (see below)) while playing rated games with or without the opponent's permission, even if the opponent is a computer. This also extends to unrated games unless the opponent has given their permission before the game (though unauthorized computers may still not be used (see below)). Unregistered users are exempt, but out of courtesy should inform their opponent of the situation if it is not clear.

13. It is against BICS policy, when playing against (C)omputer accounts, to repeat the same line over an over in attempts to inflte your rating.

14. Using computer assistance as a registered user to play any games without the account being and authorized computer account (C). If you want your account to be an authorized computer account, simply speak with an BICS admin on-duty. If you suspect someone is using computer, simply speak to an available admin.

15. Intentionally losing games, sandbagging as its called.

16. Intentionally disconnecting to avoid loss or rating adjustment. This should be repoted to an available admin.

17. Spamming the server with commands, channel tells, personal tells, or any other forms of communication

18. Tampering with timeseal/timestamp in attempts of cheating.

19. Letting other people use your account (this does not apply to team accounts, obviously)

20. Creating unauthorized duplicate accounts.

21. Inciting, encouraging, or assiting others in committing acts of abuse and misconduct.
   
   -------

If you witness any of these actions or any other action that you believe meets the definition of abuse given above, then you should take one of the following actions:  

1. Add the offender to your censor and/or notify list. This is usually the best way to handle minor situations.

2. Contact an available admin.

3. Send a message to chessmaster@sipay.ru

*** NOTE: Retaliating against an abuser by taking abusive actions yourself will also make you an abuser, making you face consequences as well. This is NEVER acceptable ***

If you engage in any of the following activities listed above, one or more of the following will occur depending on the severity of the abuse: 

1. A simple warning from a server administrator.

2. A server sanction will be imposed on you. For example, you may be muzzled (unable to send shouts or channel tells) or restricted to unrated play/

3. Being banned from the server.

4. In severe situations, you internet service provider (ISP) will be notified of your abuse. This could mean that your school or workplace will be contacted if that is where you are connecting from. If you are under the age of 10, your parents will be notified, as well as the person that owns your internet service if its not you.

5. In the MOST SEVERE acts of abuse being committed, such as hijacking or hacking, your local authorities may be contacted if its determined that you have committed a criminal act.

If at any reason you think you have been wrongly punished, please message the head admin, who's name is provided at the login screen.

SEE ALSO
-------

adjudication  etiquette  formula  shout_abuse  showlist  stored  variables
[Last modified: November 23, 2009 -- ilknight]
